Kim Jae Hwan, come in right now. And Song Eun Jae, get out.
- Professor. - Didn't you hear me?
(Episode 24)
Why is the patient's guardian near the operating room?
Song Eun Jae,
didn't you hear me telling you to get out?
I think this foolish doctor...
doesn't know where the waiting room is.
Director, will you show her the way?
Yes.
Of course.
Doctor Song, follow me outside.
Thank you,
Professor.
Please treat...
my father well.
Doctor Song, let's go outside.
We'll begin the hepaticopancreatic duodenum...
resection surgery of Song Jae Joon.
Ease your shoulder and neck muscles.
It's a surgery we do every day.
You shouldn't get nervous because it's Doctor Song's dad.
I understand.
Kim Jae Hwan, do you understand?
Of course.
Let's begin.
Scalpel.
(Operating Room)
What happened? Why are you already here?
- Did something happen to Dad? - No.
They're proceeding the surgery as planned.
But... But why are you here?
It's a long story.
Here. Eat it later.
We need to have a memorial service for our grandparents first.
But I'm hungry.
No one gave me food.
Doctor Song's father...
is in surgery.
If you weren't sick, you'd have...
agreed to the surgery right away.
Then,
Doctor Song wouldn't have been so worried.
Right?
(Kim Jae Min, "I always love you, Son.")
Come here.
Come here and...
give them to your brother.
Give them to him...
and say hi.
Go on. Don't make her wait.
Go and say hi.
You haven't been here since your brother died.
He must've missed you so much.
(Kim Jae Min. We love you, son.)
- Honey. - Jae Geol.
Stay here.
What are you doing here?
You're right.
I killed Jae Min.
- I killed him. - You didn't.
If only I hadn't called him.
If I hadn't asked him to...
pick me up at the airport on that rainy day.
If only I hadn't traveled to places like India just so...
I could brag about it.
Who made you want to leave home and Korea?
Who compared you to Jae Min...
and left you feeling inferior?
And then,
I took out my anger on you which was wrong too.
Dad.
I was angry.
Losing your brother so unexpectedly like that...
left me so furious.
I couldn't stand it.
I had to vent my fury at someone...
just so I could survive.
I shouldn't have treated you like that.
It was wrong of me...
to do that to my own son.
No.
It was only right.
Jae Min died because of me.
- So Dad... - Stop it.
Doctor Kim.
Give me your opinion as a doctor.
What was Kim Jae Min's cause of death?
- Dad. - Your brother.
Don't speak to me as his brother.
As a doctor who was last to diagnose a dying patient,
give me your opinion.
What was the cause of death?
Due to a traffic accident,
he suffered from multiple fractures...
and a brain hemorrhage...
caused by external trauma.
Right. I concur with that result.
So from now on, do not forget.
Your brother...
did not die because of you.
(Geoje Jeil Hospital)
- Hey. - Mr. Chu.
What happened?
They just begun.
The arduous, 12-hour journey.
12 hours?
It depends on the patient's condition.
What are you doing here?
Didn't you say you were going to see the kids?
Well...
Who is it?
- It's me. - What do you want?
It's Chuseok. I wanted to see the kids.
They aren't in.
They're at the library, studying for their mid-terms.
Couldn't you have given them the day off on a holiday?
Students need to take breaks to...
What if they do?
We split up and can't afford to get them...
private tutors or classes.
What will they become if they don't study?
- Honey. - Don't call me that.
We signed the divorce papers seven years ago.
The ink isn't only dry. It's fading.
If you want to come by every now and then...
and pretend to be a caring dad when you can't offer anything else,
stop coming at all.
- I just... - When they grow up,
the kids will find you even if I tell them not to.
So don't confuse them by coming over.
What's this?
My Chuseok bonus and some pocket money...
for the kids.
You shouldn't have worked so hard.
You should've left the hospital ship after 10 years.
I did consider doing that,
but when the time came, I didn't want to leave.
It's not that you didn't want to.
You couldn't.
You had patients to tend to...
and young doctors to instill some sense into.
You didn't have the time to leave.
And now, you brought us a surgeon.
Regardless of what people say,
our ship got this far because of you.
We could've become shipwrecked long ago.
That's just pure nonsense.
Check your phone. It's been ringing off the hook.
- Oh, right. - Here.
- Tell her to cheer up. - Are you with her?
I'd be there if it weren't Chuseok.
What happened to Doctor Song's dad?
What is it?
The doctors and staff of the ship.
They're asking about Doctor Song's dad.
See? That's what they're like.
They all left for the holidays,
and they assume you'll be at the hospital.
If you're upset,
try to brush it off, and cheer up.
You have so many followers.
(Surgery time, Current time, Anesthesia time)
Tie.
Jack.
Scissors.
How are things?
It's a tough operation, but things are going well so far.
Tie.
(Central Operation Room)
- Are you anxious? - No.
Sit down.
It's only been six hours.
You said it'll take over 10 hours.
Did something go wrong? Wait here.
I'll go and check.
I said it's only been six hours.
Is this what Hyun was worried about?
He told me to look after you.
He said it could be worse for you.
He also said this.
"If they don't call you during the procedure,"
"it means the surgery is going smoothly."
"So don't get anxious, and just wait."
You know that, don't you?
Sit down. Let's take a break.
Drink this. I chose something to soothe you.
You're all grown up.
Doctor, blood.
Where's it coming from?
Kim Jae Hwan, focus.
Will you take the blame if he dies of a hemorrhage?
[VIU Ver] Episode 24 Hospital Ship "Family Photo"
-= Ruo Xi =-
His blood pressure's falling.
Where's the leak?
Where's it coming from?
How did it go?
The surgery...
went really well.
Eun Jae.
We'll have to wait and see,
but the tumor's well and completely out.
Eun Jae, will Dad live?
He will make it, right?
(Operating Room)
Mr. Song. Mr. Song?
Wake up.
Where are we?
Mr. Song. Mr. Song.
Dad.
Dad, are you awake?
Well done.
You did it.
Eun Jae?
Do you still drink sweet coffee after an operation?
Of course, I do. Then it's really over.
Two teaspoons of coffee, sugar, and creamer.
More sugar?
Why don't you just drown me in sugar?
Mine has three teaspoons of sugar.
What?
You and I...
sat side by side drinking sweet coffee...
after many, countless surgeries.
We worked opposite each other...
on many cases too.
We worked great together.
You were a great leader.
I apologize.
I ruined your holiday...
by asking for your help.
It's fine. Since when did we get holidays off?
I know what it is that you want to say.
You don't have to try so hard.
Professor.
Thank you.
I should thank you.
You made the tougher decision.
Thank you.
For entrusting me to be the surgeon.
And sorry.
When a surgeon makes a mistake in the operation room...
To be honest,
although the patient and family will never wish to accept it,
mistakes and accidents do happen during operations.
Doctors are human after all.
I tried to make my pupil cover up...
my mistake and bury the truth.
That was wrong.
I don't know why I did that.
I was scared.
I could only think of the things I would lose.
The criticisms and attacks.
My ruined reputation.
I could risk my position and title.
This is the fun of it.
Whether others recognize me or not,
I act like I can take on the deities while being armed with a scalpel...
and sweat all night in a room to save a patient.
Then have a cup of cheap, sweet coffee.
I thought this would be...
more than enough to keep me going.
Thanks for the coffee.
I haven't had a cup this good in a while.
I hope I can enjoy this more often in the future.
You've been through a lot since I exiled you.
I think you should come back.
Jang Sung Ho wants you back,
and the hospital director is feeling the pressure.
You'll easily make an assistant professor.
- So... - No.
I want to stay on board the hospital ship.
You want to stay? Why?
I guess like you,
I want to take on the deities while being armed with a scalpel.
I'm the only surgeon on board.
I get a lot of opportunities.
- What? - And...
And what?
There's more?
- Here you go. - Here.
- What's all this? - Have a taste.
He cooked it all.
The surgery went well.
We should celebrate Chuseok.
- You bet we should. - Thank you.
Oh dear.
Gosh, you beat me to it.
I brought some food too.
- Goodness. - Me too.
Everyone brought something.
You said that we'd be first.
I thought everyone would arrive later.
- My goodness. - Where's Eun Jae?
She went to see the professor.
Did everyone plan to meet here?
- Not at all. - We read each other's mind.
They're like The Three Musketeers.
They even brought a cake.
Here are the chopsticks.
- Everyone, eat. - That's right.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
By the way, who is he?
Hello, I'm Woo Jae, Eun Jae's younger brother.
- Are you Dr. Song's brother? - Yes.
You're handsome.
Nurse Yoo, can you sing for us?
- Sing. - Go ahead.
1, 2, 1, 2, 3.
It's Chuseok, it's Chuseok
That's great.
Let's sing together.
Help yourselves.
(Oh Hye Jung)
What is that?
What's that next to the photo of your mother?
That's our family photo.
I put it there for Mom.
When was it?
It was at the amusement park 100 days after Woo Jae was born.
How do you remember that?
It was our first time...
at an amusement park.
It was also our first family photo.
I think that was the first and the last time.
It isn't the last time.
We'll take photos every day.
Dad, turn around.
Come this way. Eun Jae, come here now.
- What are you doing? - Come here.
Stand right here.
Why isn't he coming?
Hello, Hyun.
What brings you here?
I'm sorry for being late.
I had to bring the camera from Seoul.
Why did you go all the way to Seoul? Any camera would be fine.
No way. You haven't taken a family photo in a long time.
Please get ready. I'll take a photo.
Okay.
(Oh Hye Jung)
Can you smile?
Are you about to enter a combat? You look so grim.
Come on, Eun Jae.
Smile.
In 1, 2, 3.